Amanda: Before Bridge walks away, Inara’s going to pickpocket him for gold.
[Eric laughing]
Michael: Yes!
    Eric: I love it. Alright, make a Sleight of Hand check.

Amanda: I let my companions run past me including MIlligan and Alabaster, and take a pose with like one hand in front of me, one foot behind, and I tear the dog patch off of my cloak using my dagger, and hold it out in front of me.
Julia: Yay!
Eric: [chanting] Dog patch! Dog patch!
All [joining in chant]: Dog patch! Dog patch! Dog patch!
Eric: Inara, like the patches you pulled off before, you put one hand behind the dog patch, and you feel like you're literally pulling something forward as you lift this off of your robe, and as you fully remove it and toss it in front of you, a spectral bulldog appears in between you and Oatcake.
Julia: Cerberus!
Brandon: They're like fifty feet tall.
    Eric: No it is just a regular sized doge that has three heads and is like all blue and ethereal. And they get right up in each others faces, and then just growls at each other, [growling] and both of them are in a dead stop. They are locked eyes at each other. Amanda, I want you to make an Animal Handling check and I’m gonna give you +5.

ll right, as you... all right. You got to get very close to the gargoyle in that area and it's actually next to an open window. And as you look in you will realize where the humming is coming from. These oversized hummingbirds flapping their wings as quickly as possible, just like floating in the air. And you realize this is a rookery for these hummingbird type creatures. Their feathers are actually like a muted off white and all of them make eye contact with you.
A: Oh my god... It's like being noticed by a swarm of bees.
M: I think back on my adventures in nature to perhaps recognize what they are.
    E: Yes, you mind making a nature check?

Michael: I would like my religious senses to let me know any kind of divine interference that might be going on. Any kind of like magic from a divine sense.
Eric: I gotcha. I know exactly-
Michael: So, like where could Ze’ol have been messing with?
    Eric: I got you, I got you. So Johnny, make a Religion check.

Eric (as Driftwood Franny Sunflower): Great. Uh, uh the electricity thing I can definitely take care of, no problem.
Amanda (as Inara): Yeah, I cannot emphasize the cosmic repercussions of this match taking place. So, it’s really important. Not going to kill anybody, because I’m going to be the one to do it, don’t worry about it. But this match needs to never happen.
Eric (as Driftwood Franny Sunflower): Okay cool. Great. I will definitely do that for you. As soon as you do something for me as well.
[music starts]
Eric (as Driftwood Franny Sunflower): I’m looking for...
[slow-building tense music]
I guess I haven't seen it in a really long time I don’t know where it is. I am looking for this uh mouthpiece, I don’t know what it’s attached to now. But it looks like a very large open mouth and it’s laughing, and it has really bright red lips and I don’t know if you’ve seen it before, but if you see it I would love to get my hand on it cause I think it’s tied to all these things happening right now.
    Eric: Tracey and Inara roll a History check.

Amanda: I’d love to search the ceiling to see if there are any hatches.
    Eric: Okay. Do an Investigation check.

Brandon (as Tracey): All right... (sighs)
(Groovy percussion music begins again)
Brandon: And pulls out his help horn, runs across the room while blowing it and then pulls his maroon cape in front of him as if he's egging Nessie on.
Eric: Like a matador? You're an owl bear matador.
Brandon: I am an owl bear matador.
    Eric: Why don't you do a performance check.

Eric (as Adamah): What I can also give you is a, everyone will know that you did it. Ze’ol’s head will be separated from his body. And uh, I can preserve that for you and put it into a little jar for you to carry around and show everybody.
Brandon (as Tracey): Oh, that’s so kind of you. I thought that was a basic part of the negotiations, I assume that was the case.
Eric (as Adamah): Unfortunately the jar is extra.
Brandon (as Tracey): I’ll pay for the jar, it’s fine. Um, I have lots of gold that I haven’t given away. Here’s what else that I want though. I’ll do this for you. I’m not saying it’s not going to feel good.
But when this is all over and we trap the Council, and everything goes back to normal, I don’t want anyone to know who I am. I want a fresh start. Except for the friends and the family I made. Inara should know, and everyone else, Evan. But the world at large, I don’t want any fame, fortune, I just want to go. I don’t want anyone to know I’m the reason this started, this whole thing started. I just want to go sell tea.
    Eric: Make a Persuasion check.

Amanda: And then um, back up the embankment, through the wall with us.
Eric: Okay. I definitely see that, okay. What are you trying to disguise yourselves as?
Amanda: We want to look like nondescript peasants. So if somebody saw us there, they would assume we were there to clean, to deliver food, to do whatever needs doing in the house.
Eric: Okay…
    Amanda: Alright, I’ll make a Deception check.

Amanda: So, uh, I’ll walk forward, smile at Brink, and pause outside the door. Do I notice anything dangerous?
    Eric: Why don’t you make a Perception check?

Brandon: So, I'm going to reach up and use the Long Arm of the Law to kind of grapple the edge of the doorway, and then kind of like ferry people up and climb up my body and my arm to the doorway.
    Eric: Sure, why don't you make an Athletics check for all of that?

Amanda: Awesome. So I’m going to grab onto one of them, swing to another, and then use my momentum to swing as close as I can get to the middle of the Council’s body. Stab him with my short sword.
    Eric: Okay, why don’t you make an Acrobatics check first.

Brandon: So, Tracey can't see what's happening. But he hears heavy footsteps on the ring above him. And assumes…probably not good. So, he's going to belly crawl out the other direction from underneath the ring. Come out that side and then get up into the ring, behind the barrel as cover, and then attack the guy that way.
    Eric: Okay, great. So why don’t you make a Stealth check to see if you can sneak up on these guys.

Amanda: I am going to push my cloak aside to have one hand and my dagger and hold my hand up knowing that I cannot stop him with the body force but I can stop him with intimidation and say
Amanda (as Inara): Buddy I'm really going to need to ask you to stay in this boat. We can't have five people in the boat in front of us
    Eric: make an intimidation check.

Eric: Okay. Autumn and Kevin, they just kind of hang out next to you like, “Okay, listen it’s fine.”
Eric: But Representative Brink keeps taking steps forward and is like
Eric (as Representative Brink): Hey, sir, or- I’m not sure what I’m supposed to refer to you as- just why don’t… Listen, we don’t know what’s going on with your spinning medallion, and we’ve just dealt with a lot over the last few days, and Tracey, I just wanna get a hand on what is happening here.
Michael: Hey, am I passively sensing any kind of magic?
    Eric: Why don't you make an Arcana check?

Eric: Yeah. That’s fine. D’var looks puzzled for a second, and then he winks at you, and then he sits back down.
[Amanda makes sense of uncertainty]
Brandon: Like a suggestive wink or like we're on the same team wink? Can I investigate the wink?
    Eric: Sure, do an Insight check.

E: He runs over to Greg, and Greg is currently all red throated from the Grung and he is not doing well. He's also kind of frozen in like like a choking sort of motion and he does not look good.
A [as Inara]: Johnny, do you know anything about this frozen poison type thing? Can you help him right now?
M [as Johnny]: Give me a moment before Tracey breaks down the entire place.
    M: Johnny walks towards Alonzo, Inara and Greg and tries to survey the situation. I'd like to make a medicine check to figure out the medical situation that Greg is in so we can properly see our options here.

Eric (as Vince): Alright, well I mean, I’m like a scout. That’s kind of my job here. I’m good with animals, and I’m good with the land and stuff, so I can try to lead you guys in if you want.
Brandon (as Tracey): I mean, yeah let’s do it.
Amanda (as Inara): Sure.
    Eric: So, Vince is gonna try to lead you. He’s gonna go in front, but I want all of you individually to make a Survival roll.